OSDOCS-1871 Supplying predefined IAM roles to the cluster (#31702)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-configuration-parameters.adoc

|The AWS AMI used to boot compute machines for the cluster. This is required for regions that require a custom {op-system} AMI.
|Any published or custom {op-system} AMI that belongs to the set AWS region.

|`compute.platform.aws.iamRole`

> |A pre-existing AWS IAM role applied to the compute machine pool instance profiles. This allows you to match naming schemes and include predefined permissions boundaries for your IAM roles. If undefined, the cluster uses the IAM user setup attached to the configured AWS account and populates the IAM roles automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|A pre-existing AWS IAM role applied to the compute machine pool instance profiles. This allows you to match naming schemes and include predefined permissions boundaries for your IAM roles. If undefined, the installer will create a new IAM role.
```

|The AWS AMI used to boot control plane machines for the cluster.  This is required for regions that require a custom {op-system} AMI.
|Any published or custom {op-system} AMI that belongs to the set AWS region.

|`controlPlane.platform.aws.iamRole`

> |A pre-existing AWS IAM role applied to the control plane machine pool instance profiles. This allows you to match naming schemes and include predefined permissions boundaries for your IAM roles. If undefined, the cluster uses the IAM user setup attached to the configured AWS account and populates the IAM roles automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|A pre-existing AWS IAM role applied to the control plane machine pool instance profiles. This allows you to match naming schemes and include predefined permissions boundaries for your IAM roles. If undefined, the installer will create a new IAM role.
```
